Link to RFC, architecture (UML) and reference (e.g., admin api) documentation (#391)
hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode: README.md

   ledger enclave, which crosschecks the decision before it finally commits
   the transaction to the ledger.

> More detailed architectural information you can find in the [Fabric Private Chaincode RFC](https://github.com/mbrandenburger/fabric-rfcs/blob/fpc-rfc/text/0000-fabric-private-chaincode.md) <!-- TODO: fix-me with pointer to version in fabric-rfcs once RFC is accepted ... -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed architectural information can be found in the [Fabric Private Chaincode RFC](https://github.com/mbrandenburger/fabric-rfcs/blob/fpc-rfc/text/0000-fabric-private-chaincode.md) <!-- TODO: fix-me with pointer to version in fabric-rfcs once RFC is accepted ... -->
```
